fix: add note to cache (#692)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/sync/js-sync-js-basic-concepts.adoc

In order to support offline use cases, the client SDK strongly leverages Apollo Cache layer.
See the link:https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/advanced/caching.html[Apollo cache documentation] for more information.

> > Note: Cache will use IndexedDB implementation by default providing reliable and performant way to store data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: As part of the Apollo Cache implementation, the client SDK uses IndexedDB by default to store data. 
```
